i don't feel good about just murder
little lambs
baby lambs baby lamb meat i'm just a
good-hearted person
i've cried so many times watching these
documentaries like
the foxes that are skinned alive are you
kidding me i have a heart
but if i get a little blow to gas
or a zit right here i will kill your dad
and your mom and leave your bambias to
starve and i'll hunt you down
that's mean i'm just a good-hearted
person i have 100
been focused on physical health this
whole time
just wanted to heal my gut and then
clear my face
have some energy and that's my only
focus so whatever i have to kill to get
there
it's been okay it's like i'm focused on
me here
i tried veganism it didn't work right
for my physical body
had some bloating and gas so i will kill
your swan
everywhere i'm everywhere now on the
internet people think i'm a nazi
and everybody watching all these videos
critiquing my original video
they're only seeing part of the story
and i just
one final video and let's put this to
rest
first you have to ask yourself why did
hitler
take all the jews and put them in a
concentration camp
why would that happen i'm not a
holocaust denier
there's a couple different theories here
but
the main one which can't be denied
is that the jewish people were taking
over his country
and they are pretty much in control of
this entire planet
i've been fascinated with the illuminati
and like the one percent who
have so much control on this planet just
feels like we're in a slave planet here
and i thought that
the zionist jews were a big part of that
after researching
a bunch of this i was like holy [ __ ]
they control everything when you think
of
the illuminati and like the secret
beings that control this earth
we may or may not be talking about
jewish people i'm not a holocaust denier
they are controlling everything if you
just
start researching what do the jews
control
it's like they control all the
mainstream media they control hollywood
they control the banks
it's like they control this planet and
hitler noticed this people don't know me
are judging me right now
and thinking they know the full story
they don't know anything about me
and i can either spend all my time and
energy defending myself to
these random people on the internet or
just go on
with my truth knowing that i'm a good
person
and i try to do well on this earth i
live with karma in mind
i do good things here i don't do bad
things anymore i'm so proud of myself i
used to hate myself
and i know i'm doing good things so i
can't spend all my time
trying to convince everybody that i'm a
good person i'm not a holocaust denier
he basically gathered all the jews put
him in a concentration camp
and he was like get out of our country
he told them to leave
they would not leave he gathered him up
into a little
camp like a summer camp like a summer
camp
there were some tasteless jokes the
summer camp one i'll i'll never
live that one down like a summer camp i
don't think there was
gassing of jews for slaughter that was a
made-up thing by the jews themselves
i'm not a holocaust denier a lot of
people
did not research the the information
that i was presenting
they just like going along with the
mainstream thought
i was just reporting what i saw in these
conspiracy videos and everybody's
blowing their proportion
let's face it the jewish people they
control the media
you have to understand i have nothing
against jewish people
i'm not a holocaust denier i i made the
original video
i watched a bunch of conspiracy videos
on the holocaust
and on hitler and like all this stuff
and i was just like you know maybe maybe
maybe it's true maybe a lot of what they
were saying
is true but how does that make me
an anti-semite or a racist if i'm just
reporting
what i've learned i'm not a holocaust
denier
i don't think it did happen i don't
think there was gassing of jews for
slaughter
that was a made-up thing by the jews
themselves
so i apologize for making it i shouldn't
have made it
and i offended a lot of people but
i'm just gonna say what's on my mind i
like the conspiracy theories
i just i enjoyed i don't think we went
to the moon
take that one i don't think we did so
what
apparently these concentration camps and
i'm about to say some good things
about the concentration camps i'm not a
holocaust denier
but the camps like they had theater they
had music
like they were well fed they were well
taken care of
and it was only till like the last
little bit where
germany was like in the war their
country is breaking down
the supply chain they couldn't get food
into the camps
and then yeah people were starving to
death but it wasn't like they were put
there
and then starved intentionally it wasn't
like that at all from what i gathered
people criticizing me for not
researching enough i did a lot of
research there was like two weeks that
went into that where i'm just
watching video after video it was very
interesting to me
and the people who are criticizing me
are not willing to look into it
themselves
it's like everybody's too serious about
everything
i'm sorry if i joke about things that
you're offended about but i always look
for the joke
that summer camp joke was just me
looking for a joke
inappropriate at times yes and i'm sorry
i'm just a good-hearted person the
original video
got flagged and it's taken down but
all the ones critiquing me making fun of
me those are allowed to be monetized
those are allowed to stay up all over
the world my girlfriend knows i'm not
racist
she's supporting me she's
i wouldn't say she's supporting the
theories i was presenting but
i mean she knows what i'm trying to do
here my mom was completely against it as
soon as i got that shirt she was like oh
my
[ __ ] god are you kidding me don't
wear that i should have listened to my
mom
always listen to your parents kids this
is like the first time i'm realizing
that my physical diet is not lining up
to my spiritual
wants and mental desires i just i don't
feel like a good person
i would never do this diet it doesn't
make any sense
but here i am doing it but i really do
want to be back on that team vegan side
i feel like i need to fight for it fight
for the animals it feels good
it feels like the right message doesn't
it i don't like what i'm doing right now
so
something has to change and i'm gonna
change for the right reasons this time